he is suffering from being a psychopath
and probably from depression as well i
think we should and i'm glad that more
research is being done into how do we
help
people how do we help people with this
condition because as i alluded to like
this it's not like this is yeah so
swayze uh you're not a psychologist
you're not a psychiatrist you have no
ability to diagnose anyone like she's
literally calling me a psychopath
because i was rude to somebody
like holy crap i guess everybody at the
dmv is a psychopath right because
they're all rude like holy crap good for
richard i do not believe he's a happy
person at all i think that uh now that
i'm on my antidepressants i am [ __ ]
happy
uh so
thanks uh somehow she can know
everything about me in my life how i
feel constantly my mental state because
she saw one stream where i made an
insensitive joke yeah swayze i'm on
antidepressants they've been working
great i make a great living on youtube
i'm making over 10k a month now like
what is there for me to be like mad
about why would i be constantly angry
the only thing that upsets me is when i
see people like you spewing absolute
nonsense that's the only time when i'm
upset
so this is what it looks like and this
is why
i'm not terribly
competent
um doing basically
any
anything anything with any real
reliable reliability stand
still still
if i try
before i went on antidepressants i was
completely wholeheartedly against them
um but then i learned that they're
actually wonderful and saved my life
saved my life i mean it's ironic when
you think about it isn't it that uh that
a drug that's marketed as an
antidepressant
has a side effect
of suicide to take the irony further now
the fda's new label warnings
uh and the canadian read like my books
from 10 years ago that these drugs
produce anxiety insomnia over
stimulation impulsivity aggressivity
hostility and a general worsening of
their condition i have a blankie blankie
is a blanket i have had since i was
literally born out of the womb my aunt
melody got it for me when i was a baby
it originally had mickey mouse and
minnie
and it's my security blanket like i
sleep with it every single night i like
need it what's up guys welcome back to
my channel sami marie here and i do
videos all about mental health and today
i'm going to be talking to you guys
about my medications and the side
effects of my medication now i'm on
lamigdol haldol topamax and minopress
and lamectal is a mood stabilizer
topamax is a mood stabilizer haldol is
an antipsychotic and minipress is for
ptsd the side effects let's just jump on
into that and
for me
the side effects
for
limital is hair loss it makes me kind of
groggy and like numb
and
tired
and i honestly i don't like it but
i and it's funny because
my doctor had me on 200 milligrams like
a couple months ago and i stopped taking
it which you should never stop taking
your medications like just stopping cold
turkey
but i did
and then um i recently just talked to
him like a few days ago and he was like
okay well we need to get you back on it
so now i'm back on it 15 years ago i
warned the fda and i warned the country
and toxic psychiatry that
antidepressants were causing a stimulant
amphetamine-like syndrome that was
resulting in violence and murder in 1994
and talking back to prozac i warned the
country and the fda again this time with
tons now of scientific data on the same
issues
during that period of time i was asked
to be and this is very relevant to your
deliberations the scientific
investigator for all of the combined
prozac suits almost 200 of them so i got
to look at all the sealed data that eli
lilly didn't want anybody else to see
so about 20 books later now and a few
dozen scientific studies and innumerable
innumerable product liability suits
where i've looked at sealed data
i've come to tell you that you're
evaluating junk
you're evaluating carefully edited
exportated data that i've seen and you
haven't
this is a most remarkable circumstance
the first few weeks i was on
antidepressants i spent every car ride
just like laughing by myself so i was
like oh my god i spent my whole life not
knowing what this feels like and what we
find
is that it's that initial few weeks when
the drug has the most impact but once i
went on antidepressants and it worked
instantaneously i felt happiness for the
first time and i was so joyous and
i was like wow
i really needed this i do actually have
an imbalance in my brain we don't have
any evidence that any routine
psychiatric problem from anxiety to
depression and even schizophrenia has
anything to do with a biochemical
imbalance stabilize your chemical
imbalance so where did an idea like that
come from
we know the answer
it was actually made up by the brilliant
mindset the drug company eli lilly
even before prozac was approved for
depression by the fda lilly was sending
its minions its paid physicians and
consultants out into the world to say
that depression was caused by a
biochemical imbalance and in particular
a kind of sluggish serotonin
neurotransmitter just not enough
serotonin working
but lily knew from the beginning
that it wasn't very simple that this
drug prozac wasn't exactly going to jack
up your serotonin like it was supposed
to the whole idea behind prozac was that
it would block the removal
of serotonin from those active places in
your brain called the synapses so here's
the other cell and it's picking up
serotonin and then comes prozac and it
blocks the removal of the serotonin from
this space and that's
supposed to mean you're going to puddle
serotonin you're going to increase
serotonin in the synapse well
in fact and lily knew this
knew this before the drug was approved
the brain doesn't like to have the
serotonin
puddling in its synapses and the brain
responds
by
stopping producing serotonin
it responds by increasing its ability to
remove serotonin it responds by becoming
less sensitive to serotonin so from the
beginning it was a flimflam it was a pr
claim that you got biochemical
imbalances and prozacs gonna
fix it
so
what do you conclude from this
people who have emotional problems
you me we all have emotional problems
we don't have anything wrong in our
brains
and if we do if someday some of these
problems turn out to be caused by
something going on in our brains rather
than in our lives in our emotions in our
hearts in our feelings if it turns out
to be so
then psychiatric drugs aren't fixing
them because psychiatric drugs are
causing biochemical imbalances in your
brain i'm on antidepressants they've
been working great i make a great living
on youtube i'm making over 10k a month
now like what is there for me to be like
mad about yes i am on antidepressants i
have been for about a month and a half
and my life
absolutely changed like
more than i ever expected when you're on
them you don't appreciate
their harmful effects anxiety insomnia
over stimulation impulsivity
aggressivity hostility and no general
worsening of their condition if you do
begin to become upset or disturbed on a
drug let's say you're taking
xanax or you're taking
an anti-depressant you start to get
irritable and angry and you yell at your
family
you're not likely to think it's the drug
you're likely to think it's
my wife or my husband or the kids or the
boss or the job
you won't get straight that you've been
changed by the drug when i went on
antidepressants for the first time i
felt for the first time what stability
felt like antidepressants some actually
do help with anxiety so that has been
the most amazing improvement for me i
barely have any anxiety anymore you
might think you're feeling better than
ever
when you're doing worse than ever and
this is common
this is really common
it's related somewhat to the feeling of
euphoria i'm so happy euphoria which is
one gets from cocaine or amphetamine and
can't often also get from the
anti-depressants
and that sense of feeling better than
ever is as i mentioned in one of my
earlier reports one of the most
dangerous places you can get uh now that
i'm on my antidepressants i am [ __ ]
happy the psychoactive substances
by diminishing our capacity
by impairing our frontal lobes
prevent us from appreciating their
harmful effects
i was on a lot of antipsychotic
medications
until i tried one particular
psychiatric medication
that soon after i started taking it
i felt the best i did since i was a
little boy when my psychiatrist warned
me that
i would develop physical
symptoms
as in several years in the future
i wasn't really concerned about it
because i was doing so well
i don't want to have the risk of giving
that up
several years later i woke up one
morning
and i noticed that my cheeks were
puffing in and out uncontrollably
and i was horrified when i saw my image
in the mirror
i feel so calm
i had no idea i could feel like this
psychoactive substances impair our
judgment about their effects on us this
video needs to be made especially if we
want to reach the goal of releasing that
social stigma about mental health and
making it more normalized normalizing
depression
is not the same thing as normalizing the
treatment of depression this word
normalize
is so slippery it's so misleading
are you really trying to normalize the
experience of human sorrow
anxiety misery suffering
which is indeed as you say normal
is indeed part of the human condition
or are you trying to normalize
a drug induced euphoria
and then contrasting that to
human suffering unhappiness and sorrow
with the claim that any experience of
that kind
can be medicalized
can be treated as abnormal
can be treated as
an illness an illness that has never
been proven to exist by medical science
on the basis of a chemical imbalance
that is known now
to be fictitious that always was
fictitious by mustering together already
debunked and disproven junk science from
the 1990s
what is it really
that you're trying to normalize i
traveled by public transportation
and i have kids turn around and stare at
me
because they're curious or they don't
understand why this
man is making faces
so i don't get
upset about that but it does upset me
when people see me grimacing
they come to the conclusion that
there's something wrong with me
[Music]
i'm so happy i feel so calm i had no
idea i could feel like this normalizing
human misery suffering and sorrow
is the opposite
of medicalizing it treating it as a
diagnosable condition
that can be remedied with a pill
that has been in the last 20 years more
thoroughly debunked
than anything else on the psychiatrist's
shelf
antidepressants are a debunked fad drug
from the 1990s
people like you think you're doing
something morally positive in
normalizing them
but you're not
what you're normalizing
is junk science
what is so bad about my content that i
should be thrown off the platform but
everyone else gets a pass